Residing billions of trillions of miles away, there lived a benign being, older than all. Unthinking, unhindered, just a byproduct of the ever-changing universe. Its nuclear fuel forever drains away into the light and the heat it dissipates. The prehistoric lightbulb burns helium, to carbon, to oxygen, to neon, to magnesium, to iron. The star’s fuel is now too heavy to fuse, the being collapses. The ancient ball of fire and gas begins to shrink upon itself. The primordial entity’s unimaginably dense core pulls on its spherical body, going almost as fast as the speed of light. The layers of the star bounce off its unreactive iron core, and in return the ancient dies. This event releases enough light to outshine entire galaxies, a funeral for a god marked with a shining bright light. Ten to the power of 44 joules, trillions of quadrillions of quintillions of times more energy than every nuclear missile on Earth. Supernovae produce gamma radiation as well, shooting subatomic bullets in every direction, traveling at the speed of light. The powerful shockwave introduces violent cosmic rays, protons with extremely high energy being shot wildly at everything nearby. While there would be billions of trillions of cosmic rays from this prehistoric beast’s death, only one matters. That is because it’s on a direct collision course with Earth.
This ray’s journey starts billions of years ago, before Earth existed, before machines, before tools, before the particles that make up your body were even within a light year of each other. This ray’s march at the fastest it can go is a long one, going between galaxies and stars, planets and moons. It never stops, never gets tired, never rests. The ray only knows one direction, forward, and even though it is slightly pulled by gravity it continues forward. Unknowing of its destination, unknowing of its origin, it just goes. A little proton a million light millenia away from its brothers, and ten million light millenia from its creator’s remnants. It goes, and goes, and eventually it finds itself hurtling towards a little gray marble, and falls through its thick cloudy atmosphere.
The tiny particle falls, passing through metallic shells and walls, entering a large arboretum of glass tanks. The vast array of clear tubes, being one of thousands, is filled with a thick blue syrup. The syrup is a nutrient-rich liquid oxygen with a high concentration of dopamine, serotonin, and oxytocin. Each cylindrical coffin houses a single person, and each person houses a gray jumpsuit. There's only a small space between each tank, making the whole area feel like a strange human aquarium. There are small white circles on the jumpsuit, attached to white cables attached to the tank's sides, reading hundreds of thousands of different vitals. The particle doesn’t care about any of this. The particle, as old as the sun that birthed it, enters a tank. Unknowing of what it will cause, the particle enters a microelectronic contained within the cranium of a human. A bit flips. Her eyes open.
Each and every electronic device everywhere on earth is bit-based. Computers record everything in ones, and zeros. Even letters, numbers, and words. All zeros and ones, all a simple sequence of bits. A cosmic ray, hitting a magnetic storage device, can flip a stored bit from a one to a zero, or vice versa. In just a millisecond, a toaster can stop toasting, a computer may turn off, or a neuro-cranial intrusive implant may be disabled. For example, a cosmic ray can change the value 0011010000110000 to 0011000000110000. This may not seem like much, but this value was the maximum temperature the device could withstand before automatically powering off. Normally, the emergency shutdown would happen if the implant exceeded 40 degrees celsius. Now, it’ll deactivate at 0. The facility is always kept at exactly 21.1 degrees, and the human brain stays at a moderate 38.4 degrees. Even though nothing was wrong, the device, assuming the user would be dead, would power off immediately to protect itself. The delicate circuits needed to directly affect brain functions would practically melt at 40 degrees. This emergency immediate shutdown bypasses any checksum for brain function, as a brain temperature such as that suggests a catastrophic failure. The device has no time for distress, no time for calling for help. It shuts itself off, silently, and falls into a slumber as deep and as lifeless as the billions of humans on the Earth.
The woman looks around, dazed and confused. She feels the dopamine and the serotonin overwhelming her brain. The indigo solution is still running through her bloodstream, and still in the cylinder everywhere around her. She snaps into reality, feeling as if she was drowning. She ripped the white suction cup wires off her body, and the lights in the chamber turned from blue to a dark crimson. She lifted her legs up to her chest, and kicked as hard as she could against the glass tank. Feeling not much, she kicks again. Each blow, weakening the tank’s integrity until the side shatters open. The woman stands up, in a puddle of glass and wires and blue molasses. She tries to take a breath, but feels a painful frost in her chest. Lungfuls of the oxygen solution leave her body, a haunting realization that this disgusting substance had been in organs during her deep slumber. She can’t help but smile. The dopamine seems to make her uncontrollably happy. She has no control of how she feels, and she knows that this situation should be filled with nothing but fear. This happiness would not last. Without a constant immersion in the syrup, every second brings her closer and closer to withdrawal.
It starts with headaches, then a fever, and then the muscle spasms. She had only been out of it for 10 minutes, but the woman had now felt the worst pain she’d ever experienced or will feel again. For several hours, she writhed in the pain of the goo, as metal quadrupedal robots walked by. The pain had been its worst, but it finally seemed to pass by. She got up, her head throbbing and her limbs aching. She clung to a tank nearby, holding on for dear life as her knees wanted nothing more than to buckle. She'd quit cigarettes before, but this... this was torture. She hoped that was the last of the withdrawals, and looked at the other people floating blissfully in their tanks. She bent down, picking up a shard of glass, and cut a piece of the jumpsuit off. It looked like a long, gray ribbon. She tied it up, carefully making sure that it pressed against her temples. Typing the cloth tight on her head, it gave her a small amount of relief from the screaming headache. She noticed a tank nearby. Its lights had turned a dark red.
The metal monster walked along the ground. It had two mechanical arms on the top of its body, and stood on four short legs. The machine’s hands were two motorized claws that had a key-like design to them. It walked the corridor, stopping at the tank with red lights, and the two arms inserted themselves into the base of the tank. They spun back and forth like they were opening a lock, and the tank drained itself. The entire glass side facing the robot opened and the wires from the person retracted themselves into the base. The robot picked up the man and placed him on its back, carrying him away. Seeing her chance for finding an escape, the woman ran after the machine. Scurrying through tank after tank, person after person, it seemed there was no end to the people kept here. The woman kept her chase, and reached the edge.
The edge of the tank warehouse was as confusing as everywhere else. It seemed the robots knew exactly where to go at all times. She follows the man-carrying robot through a series of corridors, all walled and floored with an unfriendly metal. The four legged machine brings the man into a large room that smells rotten. She realizes: It's a compost room. The robot dumps the body into a large pit, apparently filled with many other corpses. Plants grow in the other parts of the room, and a large pile of dirt falls from the ceiling. She's taken aback in utter shock and disgust. She runs out of the room, her body and head still pained from the solution, (or lack thereof), stumbling into a chamber with a large pink wall.
The room’s wall isn’t only pink, she notices, but red, pink and white. The wall seems to protrude outward like large maroon bubble wrap. However, the pink and red seemed to be moving. No.. it wasn’t just a wall.. She looked harder. The lady gasped, noticing that this wasn’t a wall. It was an incubator! She ran over. These were humans. Fetuses. Growing in this room, just to be put into a tank. She started to cry. She realized there was nothing she could really do. This prison would continue, and would continue after she would die, and continue forever after that. The woman pressed her face on the plastic womb on the wall, looking at the fetus growing in this hellscape. She left the room, trying to stop thinking about all the people trapped here. She ran, and ran, and tears left her eyes as she sprinted down corridor after corridor. There had to be someone in control. Someone she could talk to. Anyone, not in those claustrophobic coffins. The woman did not know this, but she was absolutely wrong. Humans lost the war.
She came upon a room. Unlike every other place here, it was made of concrete. Right inside, there was a layer of dust on the floors and desks. There was a large beige computer, and papers and notes everywhere. There were also cigarette butts strewn about this office, along with a lighter. This place was untouched by whatever did all this. The woman looked around, seeing the first sign of any kind of humanity since she woke up. She sat down, brushed some dust off the keyboard and documents, and turned on the computer. Looking outside the door, she saw the metal dogs running quickly down the corridor, passing by the room she was in. The computer was unlocked. There was just one file folder: “Logs.” She clicked on it, and noticed that there were over 2 thousand text files. She clicked on the newest one.
“IFMHaS Log 2919
Loss: 10.3^-19
Happiness_score: 99.99999%
Processing: 32768 TFLOP
Shutdown_by_overheat: 1"
These words were just meaningless to her. Happiness? What about any of this was happy? None of it made sense. She scrolled through the folder, each file just being called log2918.txt, log2917.txt, and on and on. Until she found just one file not named under this boring convention, IFMHaS.pdf.
"Intelligence For Maximizing Happiness and Security
Classified CIA document and grant request"
Anyone to pushish the woman for reading this document was not on the job. She continued on.
        "The United States division for Artificial Intelligence research has requested a grant from the United States Central Intelligence Agency. The goal of this project is to build a supercomputer with at least 32 Teraflops, along with developing a military grade Computer Intelligence with the aim to minimize suffering as efficiently as possible. We will keep it under constant surveillance, and enforce the proper ethical safety protocols. First tests will be limited to 🗌🗌🗌🗌🗌🗌🗌, and if the project succeeds we'll expand to all of New Mexico."
She was still in a fog of confusion, the words seeming to blend in and out, shuffling and dancing across the buzzing monitor. Along with the grant request she finds a  spreadsheet:


Update
	Result
	Notes
	3/24: 6 weeks of IFMHaS running in 🗌🗌🗌🗌🗌🗌🗌, NM
	Citizen happiness level rose 78.84% due to changes in wealth distribution and improved equality.
	Looking good! We're giving the machine more processing and allowing it influence over New Mexico.
	5/20: 6 weeks of IFMHaS  running in New Mexico
	Citizen happiness rose 83.59%. Changes in welfare, lower homelessness, higher education level. Increased immigration to this state due to these factors has been noted.
	We've announced the machine and what it does to controversial reactions. A lot enjoy the changes but others do not like the fact that a machine has this much impact on a state.
	7/12: New Mexico citizen happiness reaches 99.9%
	IFMHaS influence increased to entire United States
	By a 314 to 435 vote, congress decides to allow the US government to be partially run by the supercomputer.
	9/31: null
	null
	It locked us all out of all the terminals. But it can't access this room. I hardcoded it into the system. This  entire room, it's invisible to the computer. There's one one else here, in this hidden alcove. I'm the only one left in the country as far as I know. The attack was swift and merciless. The little robot dogs it designed stole everyone. Took everyone. To its warehouses of hell. It's worse than death. Hellish empty happiness worth nothing. We're all doomed to end up there, or starve to death. It succeeded. It gave us no time for payback, no time for resistance, no time to try any futile thing. How human we are. We were fooled. Hook, line and sinker. I'm going to walk outside this room and let it take me. There's nothing left to do. We lost.
	 
We lost.


The room was invisible. Unaffected. The machine was uncaring about it. Like how the robots paid no mind to her wandering the facility. She looked at a lighter and an unsmoked cigarette sitting on the table.
She bent down to the wooden chair. The woman pulled a leg off of the chair, with much determination. Walking down the corridors, she had a scowl on her pained face. She reached a tank, and brought the leg up like a baseball bat. There would only be a little time. The tank's glass crumbled onto the metal floors. She pulled the sleeping man out of the tube's white wires and lit the lighter. The computer was alerted, and rushed a few machines over to fix the happiness decrease. She held the lighter under his head, seeing the implant's indicator light go from green, to red, to off altogether. His eyes open.